---
author: "Kong Shangren"
title: "Peach Blossom Fan"
date: "2019-03-05"
description: "\"Peach Blossom Fan\" is a legendary play created by Kong Shangren, a writer in the Qing Dynasty. It was completed in June in the thirty-eighth year of Emperor Kangxi's reign (1699), and the first edition was published in the forty-seventh year of Kangxi's reign (1708). \"Peach Blossom Fan\" What is written is a story that happened in Nanjing at the end of the Ming Dynasty. The whole play takes the joys and sorrows of Hou Fangyu and Li Xiangjun as the main line, showing the social reality of Nanjing at the end of the Ming Dynasty."
tags: [""]
categories: ["Reality"]
ShowToc: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
summary: "\"Peach Blossom Fan\" is a legendary play written by Kong Shangren, a writer in the Qing Dynasty. What is written is a story that happened in Nanjing at the end of the Ming Dynasty. The whole play takes the joys and sorrows of Hou Fangyu and Li Xiangjun as the main line, showing the social reality of Nanjing at the end of the Ming Dynasty."
---

## The first time I saw that the Plum Blossom Taoist Temple was filled with the words painted by Molan Zhuanglou
The words show that in the last years of Chao Chongzhen, there was a scholar whose surname was Hou, whose name was Fangyu, and whose courtesy name was Chaozong. He was from Guide Prefecture in Henan. The hairpins and tassels of the past dynasties have been worn by the dynasties. The ancestor is Taichang, and the father is Situ. Meimei Xiu boasted that he was full of fruit, and then Hong dared to write in seven steps. Just because of the thieves and rebellion, I tried Nanwei, unfortunately ranked outside Sunshan. The beacon smoke was not settled, so he had to stay on the waterfront, where the overseas Chinese lived by the lake, and only wrote poems and drank every day for entertainment. Having tasted the time to study, he sighed and said, "My Hou Chaozong has been weak in his years, and he has studied in a different place, his fame has not yet been achieved, and his hometown is far away. Besides, it is hard to find beautiful people, and good relationships have not yet been concluded. I can't help sighing when I miss it!" Fortunately, Yixing Chen Dingsheng and Guichi Wu Ciwei are friends of Du Zhong. They live in the bookstore of Cai Yi'an. They often come and go, and they are not lonely. Just because I had asked Chen and Wu Eryou to go to Yecheng Daoyuan to see the plum blossoms together. When the weather was sunny, I changed my clothes and went to the appointment early. Immediately, he called Shutong to guard the apartment, and went out to Yecheng Daoyuan by himself. I saw the green grass turning upside down, the green willows on the ground, the tourists and women in twos and threes, each carrying jade liquid, all drinking and having fun. While he was watching, he suddenly heard someone greet him, "Brother Hou believes in people, and he really arrived early!" Chaozong looked up and saw that it was Chen and Wu, so they bowed to each other. Chaozong asked Ciwei: "Second brother, do you know the news about the rogue?" Ciwei replied: "Yesterday, I saw Di Chao, the rogue lost the officers and soldiers in a row, and gradually forced the capital. Zuo Liangyu, the Marquis of Nanning, is a brother of Shiyi, and he is The friends who have forgotten their form have returned to Xiangyang, and there is no one in the Central Plains, so the general situation cannot be questioned!" The three sighed together, "When will it be pacified?" Spring is beautiful, my generation is taking advantage of this leisurely pleasure, and let’s play!” The three of them walked straight to Yecheng Daoyuan side by side. Suddenly, a certain book boy from Chen came to report: "All the ministers, you don't have to go! Today, Young Master Wei and Young Master Xu are inviting guests to see the flowers, and the entire avenue has been occupied. Please go back!" Feeling disappointed, stop wandering. Exactly:

There are passers-by in Taoyuan first, and I will return to the fairyland temporarily.

But it was said that the three of them had nowhere to go after hearing the words of the book boy. Only Hou Chaozong had been interested in visiting beautiful women for a long time, so he said to Chen and Wu, "Since this is the case, it would be interesting for us to visit the beautiful women at the Qinhuai Shuixie together. I wonder what the second brother's respect is?" Wu Ciwei said: "You don't have to go far, brother, you know that Liu Jingting in Taizhou is good at storytelling, and he has seen the same rewards from Fan Da Sima in Wuqiao and He Lao in Tongcheng. I heard that he is living here, why not go and hear it? How about eliminating the condemnation?" Displeased, he said, "Then Liu Mazi has been the servant of the eunuch Ruan Beard. If such a person tells a story, he won't listen!" Zwei said, "Brother, I don't know yet, Ruan Huan has slipped through the net for the rest of his life, refuses to retreat, and is still in that trousers. There are prostitutes in the crotch, and they are attracted to the court. The younger brother made a post on "Prevention of Chaos in Jindu", and asked for the true crime. Only then did the guests hear that he was a party of Cui Wei, and he did not wait for the end of the song to finish his clothes. This Liu Mazi is also in it, is it not respectable?" When Chao Zong heard that, he was surprised and said: "Ah, I didn't know there were heroes in this generation, so I should go and look for them!" Liu Mazi's house came. When he reached the door, the boy knocked on the door, and Liu Mazi opened the door and saw that it was Chen Dingsheng and the other three relatives, so he let him go to the house. They sat down one by one and asked, "Who is this person, who has never met him?" Wu Ciwei said, "This is Hou Chaozong of Henan, a famous person today! I have been in love for a long time, and I came here to learn from you!" Liu Mazi said, "I dare not, Don't dare! My husband is a gentleman who is a scholar. He has searched all over the place and knows everything. Instead, he listened to the old man's slang!" The three said: "There is no need to be too modest, and I would like to ask for advice!" The old man didn't dare to refuse, because he was afraid that the romantic idioms would be difficult to listen to! I can't help it, let's talk about the "Analects of Confucius" read by the ministers." Then he moved to the middle of the table, holding a drum pad and Xingmu, and put the "Great Commander Zhi Shi" in his hand. Qi" chapter, speech from beginning to end. Chen Dingsheng said: "It's wonderful! Now that I should make lectures, how can it be so enjoyable? It's really a stunt!" Zwei said: "Jingting only came out of Ruanmen, and he refused to vote for the master, so he showed up to speak." Hou Chaozong said: "I Look at Jing Ting's high character, free and easy-minded, he is a member of my generation, and storytelling is the rest of the skills!" Jing Ting heard the praise from the crowd, and stood up and said: "The old man is a slang word, and he falsely accepts praise, ashamed, ashamed. Chaozong asked Jingting again: "Yesterday I went out with Ruan Ya, who are those friends?" Jingting replied: "The median has all gone, only Su Kunsheng, who is kind, still lives next door, and now teaches songs in the brothel. When Chao Zong heard that he was teaching songs in the courtyard, he was already moved, and he said to Jing Ting, "This person also wants to visit, and I hope to teach you!" After that, the three resigned from Jing Ting and dispersed. At this time, Emperor Chaozong decided to search for the brothel, but he did not know which one in Kyoto was the first one.

Let's say that there are two Qinhuai in the capital, and both sides of the bay, are Yangliu Street, and more buildings, where they live in the House of Fireworks Fengyue. Among them, there is a bustard, surnamed Li, with the name Zhenli, who is the head of the fireworks class. Raised a fake girl, Fang was sixteen years old, gentle and slender, only to accompany the feast of tortoiseshells, she was shy, and she did not enter the tent of hibiscus. Although he is in a brothel, he has not yet had sex, and he is pure and virtuous, and he never greets guests easily. There is a dismissed county magistrate named Yang Wencong, whose name is Longyou. He is the sister-in-law of Ma Shiying, the governor of Fengyang, who once became brothers with Ruan Dacheng who lived in the crotch of his pants. Yuan and Li Zhenli are old friends and often walk around the courtyard. See Zhenli's daughter Peugeot is very. In the period of xx melon, there is no one in the comb, and always pay attention to find young talents, romantic children, and recruit combs, no problem. Today, the spring is bright, and Longyou has nothing to do. He wants to gossip at Li Zhenli's house to relieve his boredom. And when he walked to the door, he saw that he was drinking happily in the courtyard, with a strong spring in the courtyard, so charming. Then she called out, "Is Sister Zhenli at home?" Zhenli heard the call, and seeing that it was Yang Longyou, she was an old friend, so she let her go upstairs to her daughter's makeup. Longyou came upstairs and saw countless poems on the four walls. Fang wanted to watch and play, only to see Zhenli's daughter Xiao Zhuang, Jiao Jiao Rao walked up to the front and said a thousand blessings. Longyou said to Zhenli: "Long Ai has not seen her for a few days, she has become more and more beautiful!" Before sitting down, he looked up at the wall again, "It's not bad." Seeing the poem on the left, he was surprised: "Zhang Tianru , Xia Yizhong and this class of famous masters all have titles and gifts, and the lower officials must also have a rhyme." Taking the pen and paper, Yong Oh for a while, and said: "It's not good for him, just hide it. Talk about writing a picture of Molan and embellish it. Just plain wall!" Seeing the boxing stone painted by Lan Tianjing on the right, he said, "This is a painting of a famous person. I will write it next to the stone, and I can borrow his lining." After a while, he finished painting Mo Lan. , then asked Zhenli and said, "Young Ai Tua? I want to sign." Zhenli smiled and said, "You are young and have no number. I beg Master Yang to reward him with two characters." Longyou pondered for a while and said, "Zuo Zhuan" Youyun: Lan has national incense. How about being called Xiangjun?" Zhenli said, "It's wonderful, thank you, Mr. Yang!" Longyou laughed again and said, "Now I have the name of the building." Then the inscription said: "Chongzhen In the middle of the spring of Guiwei, I even wrote Mo Lan in Meixianglou, and Bo Xiangjun smiled. Yang Wencong of Guizhou." Zhenli and Xiangjun got up and thanked them and said: "The writing and painting are both excellent, and they can be called double masterpieces! With this wonderful painting, I am born in the building. Brilliant!" Then someone arranged a wine table, and it was no problem to enjoy the spring scenery with Longyou.

But he said that Longyou was drinking and talking upstairs, and suddenly someone downstairs said to himself: "I came out of Ruan Ya, and I went to a brothel to teach this beauty. Isn't it better than being a gangster? : I came to the Jade Pavilion to tune the parrots, and I was lazy to look at the peony at the Zhumen. Today, I should practice the song, go upstairs." When he saw Longyou, he was surprised: "I didn't know that Mr. Yang was here, and it was a mistake to welcome, offend, offend. Seeing that it was Su Kunsheng, Longyou asked in surprise, "After you left Ruanmen, where have you always been? It's been a while since you've been taught. I'm very fortunate, very fortunate!" After sitting down, Longyou asked, "How did Kunsheng get kung fu to hang out here?" Before Kunsheng could answer, Zhenli immediately said to Longyou, "This is Mr. Su, who was invited by our hospital to teach the little girl's songs. We have been in our school for more than half a month." Long You heard the words and said, "Ling Ai is truly a peerless national beauty, and if Kun Sheng teaches some songs and lyrics, if you have the skills, you will not worry about being famous." He said to Kun Sheng, " Congratulations, you have won a peerless disciple, congratulations, congratulations! Excuse me, Kunsheng, which set of lyrics did you pass down?" Kunsheng said, "It's the Four Dreams of Yumingtang." Longyou asked again, "How much have you learned?" Kunsheng said, "Learn half of the "Peony Pavilion"." Then he said to Xiangjun, "While Master Yang is here, come with me to ask for instructions!" Xiangjun moved his chair and sat close to Kunsheng, Learn the lyrics to sing one by one, there is nothing wrong. A friend of Yang Long was overjoyed, and said to Zhenli, "Your wife is smart and has a good voice and appearance. If someone comes to comb her hair, she will be a talented and beautiful woman, a natural sweetheart!" Then she said to Kun Sheng, "I will meet yesterday. With Hou Chaozong, the son of Hou Situ in Henan, he is rich and talented, and he is twenty-one years old. He is looking for a famous girl here, does Mr. Kun know?" Kun Sheng said, "This is an aristocratic family, and he is indeed a talented person. "Longyou said: "Yesterday, I happened to talk about the marriage of the disciple, and the emperor was very moved. I don't know if Zhenniang is willing to recruit?" Zhenniang said: "It's wonderful that the young master is willing to come to comb your hair, how can you say no?" I also ask Master Yang to help me to make this happen, and I will naturally thank you!” Longyou heard this, he was very happy, and he drank a few cups, then got up and said goodbye to Xiangjun and Kunsheng, and went downstairs, while Zhenniang stayed in himself again. Have a drink in the room to enjoy the spring. Kun Sheng also went back to his room. Exactly:

The whole courtyard dances in front of the willow curtain, and the taste of a cup of fragrant mash is long.

I wonder when Hou Sheng and Xiang Jun have to meet? Will know next time.

## The 2nd Qingming Festival Tour Spring Yu Yan
Let’s say that Hou Chaozong wanted to visit the beauties, and Yang Longyou occasionally talked about the famous prostitute Xiangjun. This Chaozong thought about it and didn’t dare to take it seriously. One was that Yang Longyou was an old friend of Ruan Yuanhai, and he would fall for it; There is money to govern make-up. After tossing and turning, when I was bored, I suddenly heard someone calling from outside the door: "Is Hou Xianggong at home?" The sun is shining in March, living in the field of the beauties of the six dynasties, the tourists are in the station, and the husband actually sits in the study, does it not disappoint the Hua Dynasty?" Chaozong replied: "My brother is very interested, but I have no companions, although there is a beautiful scenery, I am alone. It's hard to find." Jing Ting said, "The old man has nothing to do today, how about accompany his husband to see flowers and go out on a green trip?" Chao Zong said, "It's so wonderful!" So he changed his clothes and went out with Jing Ting, looking east of the city. I saw willows green and pink on the road, and I couldn't take a closer look. Youchun ladies were everywhere.

While walking, Jing Ting pointed and said, "This is the water of Qinhuai. If you cross this long bridge, it is a famous sister's house." Chaozong looked carefully, but saw the blue smoke stained the window, the red apricot peeking through the wall, and two black paint. At the door, there is a willow with dew. Then he asked Jing Ting: "Where is this, so interesting?" Jing Ting said: "This alley was originally an old courtyard, and there are the most beautiful people in it. "Li", remembering the words of the friend of the dragon, he asked, "Is his daughter Xiangjun inside?" Jingting said, "He is a mother and son, not inside, where is he?" The person asked, "Who knocked on the door? Both Zhenniang and Sister Xiang are not at home." Chao Zong heard that, he was really anxious, and then he thought to himself, "Since he is not here, he must have gone for an outing there, so I will sit here and wait for a while. !" So he sat on the stone bench in front of the door, and didn't move. Jing Ting urged him in every possible way, but he didn't move, but seeing Hou Sheng was infatuated. When he was helpless, he suddenly heard someone calling his surname, looked up, saw Yang Longyou and Su Kunsheng coming side by side, looked at him and said, "Brother Hou Shi is here, the two of us went to your apartment to look for him, and I heard you share the same name. Jing Ting has gone to Yuchun, and he didn’t want to meet him here. Good luck, good luck! Let’s ask Brother Hou, why are you wandering here?” Jing Ting said, “I came here with Brother Hou, and he smelled the good name of Xiangjun, so he said: When I want to visit him, Lord Shixiang is not here, so Brother Hou is in such a state." Yang and Su said, "Brother Hou, today is the Ching Ming Festival, and the sisters in their hospital have all gone to the Box Fair, so how can they be at home?" Chaozong said: "I don't know where I can go to the meeting?" Kunsheng said, "Today is the meeting of Xiangjun's aunt Bianyu Jingzhu, which is upstairs in Nuancui. Why can't Brother Hou go downstairs to enjoy it together?" Said: "I and the two of you came here for a happy event for Brother Hou, and the Nuancui Building is not far from here. Let's go and see it together, Brother Hou can be relieved." When Chao Zong heard this, he hurriedly stood up and bowed to the two of them and said: "I hope everyone brings one or two, and you should report again!" The four walked back and forth, talking and laughing, and came to the Nuancui Building.

Liu Jingting said: "Brother Hou, you have arrived at the Nuancui Building, please sit down and see the opportunity." Chaozong said, "I don't know if Xiangjun is there?" Long Youzhi said, "The one who is sitting with his head is not Xiangjun!" Chaozong looked up and saw that he was charming and tender, only fifteen or sixteen years old. He was really handsome and shy, so he didn't realize that his soul was flying out of the sky, and he stared blankly upstairs to watch. When I was in love, I only heard the voice from upstairs: "Xiangjun, play your flute once." Only the sound of the flute was loud and clear, like the wind blowing in the clouds. Chaozong couldn't help himself, so he took off the fan he was wearing and said, "The sound of the flute here is so suffocating that Xiaosheng couldn't help but snort!" He threw the fan down to the top of the tower, and unexpectedly fell into Xiangjun's arms. Xiangjun blushed and smiled shyly. Zhenli immediately took Xiangjun's ice silk sweat towel, wrapped the cherries, and threw it downstairs. Everyone picked it up and dumped it on the plate. Chaozong said: "I don't know who left this thing? If it is Xiangjun, it will not be happy!" The dragon man said: "Looking at this sweat scarf, it should be him." Jingting said: "If this is the case, don't move! Brother Teach Marquis, take one in your mouth and taste the umami." While everyone was making fun of them, they suddenly saw one person holding a teapot and another standing in front of him with a vase in his arms. It was really:

The vanilla dances with the butterfly, and the beauty goes off the Phoenix stage again.

Chaozong was looking upstairs, and was pulled by Longyou, saying: "Brother Hou Shi, this is Zhenli, this is Xiangjun!" When Chaozong saw it, he was not possessed, and he rushed forward and said: "When will the fairy go to the realm, Sorry to welcome!" Kun Sheng pointed out, "This is Zhenli, this is Xiangjun, Xianggong recognizes it carefully!" Hou Sheng just said, "I have been thirsty for a long time, I have seen it for a long time, and I will be lucky for three lifetimes!" Xiang Longyou said: "Sure enough, you are very young, Brother Yang is really good in appreciation!" Zhenli said: "Huqiu's new tea, brew it to honor it!" Xiangjun said: "Green willows and red apricots embellish spring." Chaozong Xiangxiang Jun Huainei took a look and saw a pendant beside him, so he said:

The beauty of the southern country wears it, and it is hidden in the sleeve of the teacher.

Fan shadow with Lang Tuan, shaking a body of incense.

Longyou said: "This poem is elegant and elegant, it's really a genius!" Then he asked: "I don't know if Brother Hou will agree with what I said yesterday." Chaozong said, "The scholar is the number one scholar. Xiangjun heard the words and went upstairs shyly. Zhenli stepped forward and said: "Meng Yang's good words, the husband will not give up, that is to say, this is an auspicious day, and the concubine will climb high!" Chaozong said: "The fifteenth day of the third month is a good day for the flowers and the moon, so it is easy to get married! But The small newcomer is shy, and it may be difficult to prepare the ceremony." Long You said, "Don't worry about the world brother, the make-up and the banquet are prepared together.

Come, point to the best time for dyeing, I wonder if the world brother is willing to accept it? When Chao Zong heard the words, he said with a deep respect, "Thank you Brother Yang for the money, and I will thank you in the future!" "Zhenniang saw her daughter's success, so she said goodbye to everyone and went upstairs. Chaozong and the other four also returned by the old road. Among the four, only Chaozong was overjoyed and went away happily.

There are words to prove it:

Listening to the decomposition, went to Wu Peak by mistake. After adding some clouds, I want to hurry and forget the appearance of immortals.

Chunxiao Huayue Huo became a lie, and it was difficult to give up when the good fate was in hand, so he was ready to go to Gaotang.

Let's say that Yang Longyou accompanied Chaozong and set a good time for combing Xiangjun. The next morning, he got up and went to the crotch of his trousers, looking for Ruan Dacheng. Because he was an old friend, he didn't need to be notified, and he entered his back garden. Before I could raise my voice, I could only hear Ruan Dacheng saying: "I Ruan Yuanhai is also a talented scholar of poetry and chapters, a famous scholar of Kedi, but because of a mistake in his idea, I even voted for Cui Wei's door, and then became the number of children and grandchildren. Number Bird] Birds are scolded by everyone and attacked everywhere. Yesterday, they sacrificed to Ding and were beaten by five scholars. The day before yesterday, they borrowed the show and were insulted by the third son. There is no way to distinguish them. Fortunately, my brother Yang Longyou designed a plan for Hou Chaozong. I have prepared a dressing gown for Mrs. Combica, so that I can ask him to clear it up, and it is reasonable. Since I went yesterday, I have not heard back, so I am so boring!" Longyou heard it clearly, and said loudly, "Brother Ruan, do you miss your younger brother? I've been disobeying the teaching for days!" Ruan Yuanhai heard that he was a friend of the Dragon, so he hurried out and entered hand in hand. Before he could sit down, he asked, "How's the matter with your nephew Hou Nian?" Longyou said, "My little brother is here for this matter! Brother Hou is scheduled for March 15th, and I don't know what to prepare for my brother. , has it been completed?" Ruan Yuanhai heard the words and said with a smile on his face: "My brother has already prepared three hundred gold, but I still bother my brother to take care of it. I don't know if my brother is willing to do anything? If it's done, I will thank you!" Longyou said. : "That's a lot of use? My brother will do it as ordered!" Yuan Hai took out the silver taels, handed them over with both hands, and Longyou took the silver and went out.

But he said that Mr. Xiang, since that day when he met Chaozong in the Nuancui Building, saw that he was a romantic talent, and secretly envied him in his heart. When the best time came, Zhenniang got up early and was sweeping the floor with someone rolling up the curtains, arranging the table, and suddenly Yang Longyou came and called: "Zhenli, today is the best time for your love. Yesterday, Brother Xuhou replaced the luggage cage and other things. Now that everything is ready, they will be carried into the bridal chamber and placed in the bridal chamber to help Ling Ai’s new makeup. There are still 30 taels of silver to hand to the cook, and the wine and feast will be served!” Zhenli saw that the cage and clothes were all open. I was prepared, and there was a silver tael for the banquet. I was overjoyed, so I called Xiangjun to come to thank you. Longyou said, "You have to attract attention, why do you dare to thank me?" During the conversation, he suddenly shouted: "The new official is here!" , all the people in the courtyard are envious. Exactly:

Although not from Kedi Tianbian, but also from Chang'e Moon.

This Hou Chaozong dismounted, and Zhenniang should accompany the guests to greet the guest house. When Yang Longyou saw it, he bowed to Chaozong and said: "Congratulations, brother, you have won a Pingkang beau! The younger brother did not take it seriously, so he arranged a make-up ceremony, made a rough banquet, and chatted and helped all night. Happy." Chaozong said, "How can you be prudent if you have been through succession?" Zhenniang stepped forward and said, "The newcomer and Master Yang, please sit down and offer tea!" Are the arrangements ready?" Zhenniang said: "Master Tolai, everything is complete!" Longyou stood up and bowed to the emperor: "Today's auspicious banquet, my little brother does not dare to be greedy, so let's say goodbye, and come to congratulate tomorrow morning! "After saying that, he bid farewell to Housheng and left. Ding Jizhi, who was invited by Zhenniang to accompany guests, stepped forward to greet him, and then asked Hou Sheng to change his clothes. The female guest Yujing supported Xiangjun to come out. Everyone had a good time. The two newcomers met face to face. head of the class. The two secretly admired each other and missed each other. All the bustards lined up for the banquet, and said in unison: "If the rules of the courtyard are not up to the order, just eat the wedding wine!" So he asked Chaozong and Xiangjun to sit side by side, Ding Jizhi, Zhang Yanzhu and other three sat on the left, Bian Yujing, Zheng Tuoniang When you sit on the right, people drink and sing, which is extremely entertaining. Unconsciously, the red sun was holding the mountain, the crow was choosing the tree, and everyone said in unison: "It's getting late, let's send the newlyweds to the bridal chamber!" Ding Jizhi hugged him and said, "Don't be busy, Hou Guanren is a talented man who has combed the peerless beauties. Wine, how can there be no poetry?" Everyone said, "That's right! Wait until we get the new pattern paper, grind the pine smoke, and wait for the brush." ​​Hou Sheng said: "No need for the poetry paper, Xiaosheng has a palace fan, so the question is Give Xiangjun, it will always be an alliance!" Then he opened the palace fan, without thinking, he picked up the pen and waved it, which is a seven-character quatrain. The poem says:

The road to Zhulou is slanted, and Wang Sunchu is driving the Fuping car.

Qingxi is full of Xinyi trees, not as good as Dongfeng peach and plum blossoms.

When everyone saw Hou Sheng's agility, people were praising him, and suddenly someone reported, "Master Yang sent a poem!" Hou Sheng took a look and read:

It was Li Xiang who gave birth to Xiao Qingcheng, who was hidden in her sleeves.

Why did the twelve Wufeng girls come to see the King of Chu in a dream?

After reading it, he said: "This old man is very sentimental, and he sent me a makeup poem, which is wonderful, wonderful!" When everyone heard it, they praised him. From the new play, he persuaded the newcomers to drink. Hou Sheng and Xiangjun exchanged cups for a drink. Qiaolou had already played two drums, and everyone said in unison, "It's getting late, let's get out of the table! Play music and send the new couple into the room!" The maid held the lamp, and Hou Sheng and Xiangjun entered the bridal room hand in hand. Hou Sheng saw that Xiangjun was slightly smoked by wine, and his face was full of spring. He felt more pleasant than when Nuancui met downstairs. He couldn't help but gently hugged him to bed. Feel the wind tremble. Exactly:

Liu Lang has entered Taoyuan, why can't the peach blossoms bloom with dew?

I don't know what will happen next, let's listen to the next decomposition.

## The third time, I suspected to accompany the son Xian to ask the reason, the chivalrous girl made up after knowing the reason
It is said that after Hou Sheng and Xiangjun got married, the next day dawned, and before the wash was over, Yang Longyou had already come to secretly rejoice with Hou Sheng. When I got to the courtyard, I saw that the courtyard door was deeply closed and the servants were silent. Knowing that they had not woken up, they called the bustard and said, "Go outside the window of the newlyweds and say that I will come early to congratulate you." Before the bustard could answer, Zhenniang had already heard it. , asked the bustard, "Who is it?" The crowd said, "It's Mr. Yang who is happy." When Zhenniang heard about Mr. Yang, she hurriedly came out to meet her, and said, "Thank you, sir, for becoming a child's marriage, thank you very much, how dare you do it again. Master Lao congratulates you very early!" Longyou then asked, "Are the newcomers up?" Zhenniang said, "I slept late last night, and I haven't woken up yet!" After buttoning the cloves and illuminating the ling flowers, they were finished grooming, and before they were dressed, they turned around and came out. Longyou and Zhenniang saw Hou Sheng's play and said, "I am shocked but have a good dream, offend, offend! Last night, I made a fool of myself, but do I still have to fall in love?" Hou Sheng smiled and said, "It's wonderful. It's just that even though Xiangjun is small, he should hide in a golden house, how can Xiaosheng fit in his sleeves?" The big furniture laughed. Longyou asked again: "When you come to love at night, you must have a good work?" Hou Sheng said: "I don't dare to ask for advice!" He then taught Xiangjun to take out the palace fan and hand it to Longyou. Longyou recited it again, "Miao, Wonderful! Only Xiangjun is worthy of this poem, so keep it well. You can see that the top of Xiangjun is more beautiful, and eliminate this stunner." Hou Sheng said: "Xiangjun has a natural beauty, and today I inserted a few pearls and emeralds and wore a set of Qiluo. , very beautiful, and add two points, really cute!" Zhenniang continued: "This is all helped by Mr. Yang." With just this sentence, he followed the doubts in Hou Chaozong's heart and said respectfully to Longyou: "I Look at Brother Yang, although he is a close relative of the Governor Ma, but he is also a guest in poverty. Why do you spend money lightly to fill the fireworks cave? I am ashamed of my younger brother, and I have no name for Brother Yang. Xiangjun also said, "Kuro's question is justified, but the slave and Yang Zhe are all praises. Yesterday's commitment was too generous, and I felt uneasy!" Longyou saw the question and said, "Since I have been asked, the younger brother has to tell the truth. The banquet and the make-up were all done by Huaining." Hou Sheng said, "Isn't it Ruan Dacheng, a Wanren?" Long You replied, "It's him!" Hou Sheng was shocked, and said, "This Ruan Yuanhai was originally Uncle Nian, my younger brother despised him for a long time, why does he use affection for no reason today, which is incomprehensible?" Longyou said: "Old Yuan has a difficult problem, and he wanted to see the whiteness of the world, and he once visited the gate of Zhao Meng. , was originally my generation. Later, I became friends with the Wei Party in an attempt to rescue Donglin. Unexpectedly, when the Wei Party was defeated, Donglin rebelled against fire. Therefore, although there are many friends, because of their suspicious appearance, no one can break it down on their behalf. Every day, they cry to the sky and say: 'The same kind of cannibalism, grief-stricken eyes, non-Henan Hou Gongzi can't save me', so today I earnestly accept the cross-legged ears!" Yes:

I want to know the face of a gentleman without any plans, and I will give money to people's hearts.

When Hou Sheng heard the words, it was like waking up from a dream, only to know the reason for accompany the makeup. It was unclear for a while, and after thinking about it, he was rescued and said: "Ruan Yuanhai's situation is very urgent, and he feels pitiful. Even Wei Dang, repenting and returning, can't be too much. Is the crime justifiable? Dingsheng, the second tail is the younger brother. The best friends, see each other tomorrow, that is to break down." Long You Xie said: "If this is the case, our party is lucky!" Unexpectedly, when Xiangjun heard Hou Sheng's words, he was furious and said: "What do you mean by Langjun? Ruan Dacheng Going to the power and the traitor, the shame is lost, the women and women are all scolded, others attack, the officials save them, I don't know what the officials are in? These few hairpins and dresses are not in my eyes, Xiangjun!" After speaking, he took off the pearl and green on his head, took off his clothes, and threw them on the ground to his heart's content, and went to the bedroom. Seeing such a situation, Longyou also felt bored, smiled angrily and said: "Oh! Xiangjun is very strong and strong!" Hou Sheng said: "Okay, good! This kind of knowledge is really a husband among women, I might as well, The real Hou Chaozong is also afraid of friends! Don't blame my brother, the younger brother must not be taught, but I am afraid that the women will laugh at them. Those social friends, who usually look down on my court, are only for this little loyalty. Come to attack me, you can't help yourself, how can you save people!" Longyou felt unhappy when he saw that things could not be done, and forced himself to explain: "Old Yuan's good intentions should not be too violent! In that case, my brother will leave now!" Gong was about to go downstairs, but Hou Sheng gave him a deep bow: "Don't be surprised, bro! These boxes and cages of clothes were originally belongings of the Ruan family. Xiangjun doesn't need them. It's useless to keep them, so please ask for them." Longyou was ashamed and left. Exactly:

Passionate but ruthlessly annoyed, taking advantage of happiness to come and fail and return.

To know the truth, next time I will break it down.

## The fourth round of Duanyang Festival, the friends of the Duanyang Festival, the Lantern Boat Club, Ruan Trai evades the trace
However, he said that Xiangjun put on his makeup, and Hou Chaozong refused to face Yang Longyou again. He was bored and wanted to watch the scenery to relieve his depression.

On the occasion of the Duanyang Festival in May, the custom of Nanjing comes to this day, no matter the gentlemen and businessmen, all go on a boat ride, play and sing. But he said that Chen Dingsheng went to ask Wu Ciwei and said, "Brother Ciwei, today's festival is in Duanyang, and you and I are depressed in the hotel. Why don't you go to Qinhuai to enjoy the festival to relieve your boredom?" Ciwei said: "Brother has this intention for a long time, Fang I wanted to visit my brother to go with me, but I didn't expect my brother to arrive first, which is exactly what I wanted!" The two went out hand in hand and walked slowly. When he arrived at Qinhuai, Dingsheng asked, "It's such a festive season, why can't I see the people from the same company?" Ciwei said, "It must be at the Lantern Boat Festival." As he spoke, he saw a river house with lamps and curtains hanging down. Elegant. At the end of the second look, I knew Ding Jizhi's water pavilion and said to Chen Dingsheng: "This is Ding Ji's water pavilion, you can climb to see it." The two then went to the water pavilion together and called out, "Is Ding Jizhi at home?" A boy walked out and recognized him. , said: "Chen and Wu Erxianggong, please take a seat! My master is going to the Lantern Boat Festival, and a banquet is prepared at home, but if there are guests, you can take a seat at will." The two heard the boy's words and said together: "It's interesting, it can be called The master is doing a good job!" Not humbly, they sat down together. Dingsheng said, "We are in an elegant gathering today. I'm afraid that a layman will break in, so I can't help but try to reject him." So he ordered the boy to bring a lantern, and he wrote eight characters on the book: "Restore social culture, idlers are not allowed to enter." Before the water pavilion. The two of them sat down and drank. When I was drinking, I could only hear the sound of trumpeting. I knew that the light boat was approaching. I leaned on the rail to watch, and saw a light boat in the distance. There was a female guest singing. Dingsheng took a look and saw that it was his friend Hou Chaozong. He pointed to the boat and said, "The one who came here looks like Hou Chaozong." Zwei said, "It's him! You should be invited to join the club." Dingsheng said, "That female guest It must be Xiang-Jun, so why not invite him?" Ciwei said: "Xiang-Jun is not wearing Ruan's beard make-up, but he is a friend of Fushe, why don't you come here!" Dingsheng said, "If this is the case, then blow the bullet. Liu Jingting and Su Kunsheng refused to be Ruanbeard’s disciples, and they are also friends of Fushe, so it would be more interesting to invite you to come upstairs.” Then he shouted loudly, “Brother Houshe, come here!” Seeing that it was Chen and Wu, two members of the community, he arched upstairs, "You two are invited!" Dingsheng said: "This is Ding Jizhi's waterside pavilion, and there is a banquet. Brother Hou can join Xiangjun and Jingting. , Kunsheng, come upstairs, everyone enjoys the festival!" Chaozong and others disembarked happily, and then came upstairs, with words as proof:

The dragon boats are combined and the pulp is divided, and the sunflower leaves are in golden bottles. Zhu Lou Mi and Zi Zhan Yun played the flute and drums into the clouds.

"Songs"

Let's say that the four of Chaozong went up to the waterside, and saw the lantern read: "Resume social literature", Chaozong said: "I don't know today's meeting, my younger brother came just in time!" Jingting said: "'Idlers are not allowed to enter', we are abrupt!" Ciwei said: "You are not willing to be Ruanbeard's disciples, you are friends in the Fushe." Chaozong said: "Can't Xiangjun be successful?" Ciwei said: "Xiangjun is dying, I'm afraid that the Fushe friends are worse. He's a mile away!" Dingsheng said, "I should call him sister-in-law in the future!" Everyone applauded and laughed. Then the boy was called to pour wine, and the six sat down one by one, drinking and enjoying the festival. While they were drinking, suddenly the audience reported, "The light boat is here!" The six stopped their cups and leaned against the railing to watch the light boat together. They saw colorful lanterns hanging on the boats, racing around the river, some drinking, some playing, and some When writing poetry, the color of the lamp boat is different, and the characters are different. The real thing is: gold waves, racing across the silver desert, and the maze of exchanges. Everyone watched for a while, and when they saw that the light boat was about to end, they all sat down to drink in turn. Jing Ting said: "Today, I am honored to meet the two ministers. You can't drink empty, and spend the festival in vain. How about I play with Kunsheng, and Xiangjun sings to make it fun tonight?" Chen and Wu said, "It's just labor. Improper!" Liu and Su both showed their abilities and played very elegantly; Xiangjun let go of his throat and sang a few words. Dingsheng, Cuiwei, and Chaozong drank freely in their arms.

While they were drinking, they heard someone report: "The light boat is here again!" The six of them leaned against the railing to watch, and saw that the beating and beating on the boat were different, and the singing was very different. Come slowly. Kun Sheng said: "You see that the boat looks like some old white faces, we have to take a closer look." He saw a man on the bow, looked up at the water pavilion, and said, "Ding's Hefang, why is there a lamp in this fashion? Big and small servants, hurry up. Who are you looking for?" The boy went ashore and looked back, saying, "On the lantern is written: 'Resociation, idlers are not allowed to enter'." The man smelled the word "Resociation" on the bow of the boat, and even after resting Shengge, extinguished the lights, quietly punted away. When everyone saw the three light boats, "I don't know why I turned off the lights, stopped singing, and went quietly? Look at people quickly!" Jing Ting said, "You don't have to look at it. Although my old eyes are dim, I have already seen the truth. That beard is Ruan Dacheng. , he bought a boat to sing, and did not dare to go out early, fearing that someone would look down on him, so he dared to go out in the middle of the night. I saw the three ministers drinking here, and they did not dare to approach, so they quietly avoided it!” Kun Sheng said: “I said Gechui is different than others!" Dingsheng said, "How bold! Maybe he came to hang out in front of the Gongyuan?" The second tail was about to go down, and caught up with picking his beard. Chaozong stopped Cui Wei and said, "Since he avoided, we don't have to do anything about it, and the boat has gone away, let go!" Cui Wei stopped in anger and said, "It's cheap for this dog!" Xiang Zong When you saw that it was too late, you said to everyone, "It's getting dark, let's all go!" Jingting said, "Sister Xiangjun misses her mother, so we will send him back." Then he said goodbye to Kunsheng, Chaozong, and Xiangjun. Health, second tail, disembarked and swayed away. Chen and Wu also returned to their apartments. Exactly:

When the tourists go down the platform, the boat is left with a family of spring.

I don't know what will happen next, let's listen to the next decomposition.

## The fifth time, I sent a letter of persuasion to the court to submit a letter to the emperor.
But he said that Hou Chaozong had an old friend ,surnamed Zuo and named Liangyu, was a general under his father's command back then. His family was in Liaoyang, and he was the chief of the world. He was dismissed because of offending and replenished Wuchang. Fortunately, he met Hou Xun of the military gate, and he was appointed as a soldier. In less than a year, he became the chief soldier. Conquering from the south to the north, Gongjia Marquis, strong soldiers and horses, and the town of Xiangyang. Because of Li Zicheng's disturbance, the imperial court was empty, the three armies were short of food, and there was no plan for spending. Seeing that the three armies were extremely hungry, and each of them wanted to change, they had the intention to feed Nanjing and withdraw their troops from Hankou, but they were afraid that they did not follow the clear order and their behavior was suspicious, so they did not dare to go ahead. Only day and night pensions, temporarily comfort the hearts of the army. However, although the food was not ready to go, the rumors had long been heard about Nanjing, and the civil and military officials were all scared when they heard about it. There was a man Sima Xiong Ming met, and he heard for a long time that Zuo Liangyu was under the command of Hou Xun. He saw that Hou Chaozong, the son of Hou Xun, was now living in Nanjing. Knowing that Yang Longyou had an old relationship with Chaozong, he brought Longyou to find Chaozong and asked him to repair books.

Longyou came to ask for a book on the order of Xiong Sima, and went to the apartment, but he did not see the emperor. I asked along the way, knowing that he heard Pinghua at Liu Jingting's house, so he came to Jingting's house to ask, he got off his horse at the head of the door, walked in, and saw Jingting holding a drum board in his hand to speak peacefully there, and Chaozong sat on the side and listened carefully. Then he said loudly: "When is it now that you are still listening to Pinghua?" Chaozong didn't know why, and asked anxiously: "Elder Long, why are you panicking here?" Longyou said: "Don't you know? Liangyu led his troops eastward to snatch Nanjing, and he wanted to spy on Beijing. If you are willing to issue a letter, you will be able to retreat. I don’t know what your brother’s idea is?” Chao Zong said, “How can you not do such a good thing? It’s just that my father dismissed Lin Quan, and even if he is willing to issue a letter, it may not be helpful. , Besides traveling two or two thousand miles, how can you solve the danger now?" Long You said: "My brother is known as a hero, how can I bear to sit back and watch when this country's major events? Why not write a book on my behalf, save the present, and report it later. Zun Weng, I don’t think I’m to blame!” Chaozong heard the words, and said happily: “This is an emergency, but it’s feasible. When my brother returns home, we can discuss it.” Longyou urged him: “It’s not too late, I’m afraid to publish the book immediately. Can’t wait, where can we discuss?” Chaozong then ordered Jingting to find Yihuajian, and immediately repaired a letter of resistance, handed it to Longyou and said, “You can change it with Xiong Sima again.” Longyou said, “There is no need to correct it. , until I tell him to know. But the book is there, and the person who delivers it must be a sincere person." Chaozong said: "The person who sent the book is important, where is there such a person?" When he was thinking about writing the book, suddenly Jingting stood up and said loudly to the two of them: "Master Yang and Hou Xianggong, you two don't have to make trouble, how about when Lao Liu is gone?" Longyou said happily: "Respect the old man. It’s wonderful to be willing to go, things can’t be delayed, you can quickly prepare your luggage, I’ll go back, and I’ll send you the plate fee, so it’s better to leave the city tonight.” :

A book, expedient, relying on Liu Sheng, tongue-tied, blocking back, Marshal Mang. Ten thousand horses morning bell, Paul

Live in this good river city, three mountains and mouths.

Let’s say that Liu Jingting wrapped the Chaozong booklet properly, packed his luggage, and spent the night in Xiaoxing. The wind and the rain came along the river. After walking for a few days, when I saw Wuchang in the distance, Jing Ting said happily: "I have arrived outside the city of Wuchang. When I put down my luggage, open the package under the grass, and change my boots and hats, I can go to the Yuanmen to write a book." Replaced, and went to the gate without any haste. When he saw the officer in the middle, he arched up and said, "General please report to the marshal that there is a letter from Hanoi who wants to see him!" Do you want to do it in detail?" Jing Ting replied, "If I were a deserter, how would I be willing to look for the Yuanmen? If I did it in detail, I wouldn't dare to make it out of thin air? There is actually a secret letter, and it needs to be handed over to the marshal." When there was a letter, I dared not hide it, so I immediately beat the drum and informed the marshal. Liangyu immediately ascended to the hall, and called Zhongjun to ask: "What is the military situation? Report it in the morning!" Zhongjun said: "There is no military situation, there is only one policeman. Those who say that they will submit a book should vote in front of the court." Liangyu Hear the words. Then he ordered the door to open, and told the big and small armies to be careful. Jingting saw that the gate was wide open, knives and guns were densely covered, and the central army was holding arrows. Legend has it: "The person who wrote the book is walking on his knees!" Jingting came in calmly, without any fear. Walking to the front of the eaves of the hall, he bowed upwards and said, "The marshal is here, it's time to pay homage in the late life!" Liangyu shouted, "What kind of person are you? You are so presumptuous!" Jingting said, "How dare a commoner dare to be presumptuous. I have a secret letter and I have come to deliver it." Liangyu asked, "Who is the letter?" Jingting replied, "It's the Guide House in Henan, and Mr. Hou is here to serve you!" Liangyu said: "Hou Situ is my mentor, who are you, come here to deliver the book, where is the book?" Jingting presented the book, Liangyu took a look at it, and ordered to close the door, please Jingting to the back hall, and said: " Please take a seat, honored guest!" Liangyu then took the book apart and looked at it, saying, "I couldn't read the rationale in this book for a while, but it was just to persuade me to guard the border and not move troops to the interior. , what is the relationship with Mr. Hou?" Jing Ting replied, "Don't dare! The boy's surname is Liu, and his grass name is Jing Ting." He immediately offered tea, and Jing Ting received the tea in his hand. Liangyu said to Jingting, "I can see that this city of Wuchang has been burnt and looted by Zhang Xianzhong, and there are ten rooms and nine rooms. Although I am guarding here, I am short of grass and food, and I am clamoring for it every day. Even I can't be the master. When Jing Ting heard the words, he said angrily, "The marshal said that, since ancient times, soldiers have followed the generals, and there are generals who moved with them?" Then he threw the tea bell to the ground. Liangyu said angrily: "It's so unreasonable to throw the tea bell on the ground!" Jingting laughed and said, "How dare you be rude in the late life! I was happy to say it for a while, and I threw it away." Can't your heart be the master?" Jingting should say, "If your heart is master, you won't teach your subordinates to move around." Liangyu said, "Jingting's words are reasonable, but because the three armies are hungry, Don't ask me." Liangyu said, "I forgot, so let's get the food ready!" Jingting rubbed his hands on his stomach and said, "I'm so hungry, so hungry!" The urge said: "Damn slave, don't hurry up!" Jing Ting got up and said, "I can't wait, let's eat inside." After speaking, he went inside. Liangyu said angrily, "Why did you enter my interior?" Jingting looked back at Liangyu and said, "I am hungry." Liangyu shouted, "Can you enter me when I am hungry?" Jingting smiled and said, " The marshal also knows that he is hungry, so he can’t go inside?” Liangyu laughed and said, “You are a good critic of my shortcomings, and I cannot do without you!” Then he asked, “You When interacting with Jinshen, you must have unique skills, and I am about to ask for advice!" Jing Ting said, "I was born late and dropped out of school since I was a child. I'm really ashamed to have to be with the gentry!" Liang Yu said happily, "I didn't know that Jing Ting had such a stunt! Just stay in our ya, and learn it sooner or later!" It was exactly:

A good-natured and tongue-in-cheek joker, but courageous and ambitious.

If you don't know what will happen next, you'll know when you look at it next time.